Usage management - Advanced tab information added (#4641)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-10-18-manage.md

---
title: Scan Budgets (Manage) 
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - scan-budgets
  - manage
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We are happy to introduce our new **Usage Management** tab under **Accounts** section, which allows you to define spending limits for queries to prevent unexpected charges. They help you to manage Sumo Logic credits, especially in pay-per-use scenarios, by setting limits on search volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to introduce our new **Usage Management** tab under the **Accounts** section, which allows you to define spending limits for queries to prevent unexpected charges. They help you to manage Sumo Logic credits, especially in pay-per-use scenarios, by setting limits on search volume.
```

> We are happy to introduce our new **Usage Management** tab under the **Accounts** section, which allows you to define spending limits for queries to prevent unexpected charges. They help you to manage Sumo Logic credits, especially in pay-per-use scenarios, by setting limits on search volume.
> 
> Below are some of the key features that this feature offers:
> 
> - **Org-Wide Query Budget**. Set a budget for queries that applies to all users in the organization.
> - **User-Level Query Budget**. Set a budget for queries at the user level. With this, *Admins* will be able to specify roles and easily select groups based on roles.
> - **Flexible Actions**. Provides flexibility in your actions when the budget limit is reached. You can choose between **Show Warning to the user** or **Only allow background query scans** actions.
> 
> Explore our technical documentation [here](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/usage-management/) to learn how to set up and use the Scan Budgets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are happy to introduce our new **Usage Management** tab under the **Accounts** section. This feature allows you to define query spending limits, helping prevent unexpected charges and manage Sumo Logic credits, particularly in pay-per-use scenarios by limiting search volume.

Key features include:

- **Org-wide query budget**. Set a budget for queries that applies to all users in the organization.
- **User-level query budget**. Set a budget for queries at the user level. With this, *Admins* can specify roles and easily select groups based on roles.
- **Flexible actions**. Choose what happens when the budget limit is reached. Options include **Display a warning to the user** or **Restrict queries to background scans only**.

Explore our technical documentation [here](/docs/manage/manage-subscription/usage-management/) to learn how to set up and use Scan Budgets.
```
